if it isn't the wild stallions
when your wives suggested couples
therapy do you think
this is what they had in mind definitely
i mean we're a couple of couples right
bill ted enough of the delusions you
didn't time travel
and you didn't go to heaven and hell
here's a real idea for you be role
models to your daughters
get real jobs
[Music]
bill we've spent our whole life trying
to unite the world
and i'm tired dude ted we have a destiny
to fulfill
greetings my excellent friends we have a
problem
step forward a song created by preston
logan
perform tonight we'll save reality as we
know it
oh dude we better write that song now
boy why can't we just go to the future
when we have written it
take it from ourselves except won't that
be stealing
cheers how is that stealing
if we're stealing it from ourselves dude
dude our dads are totally in trouble you
should help him out
[Applause]
no way how's it going billy
ted we're putting together your most
extraordinary band
hey you want to be in our band
oh this is your fantastic
we're going to go talk to death is he
playing scotch by himself
dude he's cheating hey death why if it
isn't a wild stallion
let's rock
[Music]
be excellent to each other and party on
dudes
[Music]
how are you doing well you know we're
dead and we're in hell
but how you doing
[Music]
wait what skateboard boy hello
i think this is the place this is it hey
youtube
shut up and take our money oh
this backyard shut up and take our money
what's the catch
are you guys here for the party this is
tommy lee's sex swing
hell now i just don't feel comfortable
allowing some weirdo to live in our
guest house me
jesus son of a kid promise me he'll be
out soon i will
march out there and i'll see you gotta
get out of here in three months dude
i don't know about you
[Music]
the drug is called flakka some are
calling it the insanity
can't do that in my household
[Applause]
you need anything no just some space
did you have the talk with randy today
hey
you're high no i'm not you're honest
just get rid of the guys
[Applause]
[Music]
no you got you arrested it is
i totally forgot to tell you they're bug
bomb in the house today
[Music]
opossums
we just wanted a house and we found this
one and then you
what's going on
if that was on pay-per-view we'd be
millionaires right now
[Music]
all of you i have killed someone
if you weren't here you've been present
or worse
and your mutants are dangerous
we know
[Music]
this place takes your greatest fear
it makes you live through it
scary
what are you doing got to get better
someday
stephen bear let's play a game
hey michael i just wanted to give you a
call because
it looks like you're still getting some
pretty important mail
kate just focus on the fact that you
wrote a book
that is huge turn in show me your baby
bop
smile
[Music]
guess where i am where in carbondale
welcome back right david kirkpatrick
brought me down to do a reading oh
thank you kate was in my very first
class ever as a professor
how's your book doing not as good as i
would have hoped what would you think
about teaching him teaching here it
would be nice to have you here at ken k
[Music]
hey oh hi i used to live here
seriously hey we're having a party
you should come i used to dance in this
room like 15 years ago
i was in kindergarten 15 years ago
the whole thing is very restrained i
could go for the restraint
you want to see something
yeah what happened with you
your boyfriend give me my fiance were
you hoping you guys would get back
together
oh i'm so pathetic life is not like
school all right
it's all like possibility for you are
you coming back
[Music]
they're moving the asset we go now
get down
we lost the osprey extraction
we have the governor's daughter
i promised i would keep her safe with
militia group
in close proximity they will come for us
i wonder what this place is no one here
okay but where did they go
it's like the driver was cut up and
dragged out about what
he's torn to pieces oh i got him
some lions go rogue
she likes to kill how do you know it's a
she
females are the true killers
do you want to take a stand here
we can finish this
this is
light them up
sneeze on sunday you sleepy
the devil will have you the rest of the
week
laura
there was some commotion about the house
last night
immediately there was a carriage crash
involving a young lady and about your
age
dr rehnquist believes she will be fine
she seems to be
unscathed we don't know who she is
nor her driver god rest her soul
where does spirits go the good ones go
up
no one has heard of a missing girl
come i want to show you something
there have been rumors superstitions
there's darkness under her eyes
my name is fire playing with the devil
don't be scared
it's your turn
after we die what then
i won't let the devil into this house
you tell us what the hell is going on
here
[Music]
you want an origin story the year was
1984.
and that's well that's when he appeared
i call him the harbinger now because
over time i've learned that he's the one
who delivers the rules
[Music]
yeah the one and only and you are max
right i know it sounds nuts i mean i've
been wanting to play this
game since i could hold a controller i
knew he'd be back
i just had no idea there were any game
cartridges left
i knew it was only a matter of time
before the harbinger found one player
the one man
capable truly unlocking my boy
chosen one uh chosen pawn pawn chosen
pawn and we're not even sure maybe
unless the store's on fire this weekend
i am not to be bothered when i am jacked
in
what's the one thing the nether dungeon
never had and won't be expected
you are the prize we seek now max
power grows with each soul committed to
the game
okay well if we're going in there
against the nether we're gonna need
firepower
let's rock stop them step off froze
another dick
come on all those people out there
what would happen if the game went
mobile
imagine hundreds if not thousands of
nether possessed game junkies like your
friend here
just running through the streets running
them up and it's up to
us to stop it
is like a movie
[Music]
i thought i heard the old man say
just out of interest what kind of music
would i sing the rock and roll of 1752.
i manage bands and i'm interested in
representing you you've got a unique
sound and we believe
we can help you get it released by a
major label
[Laughter]
i'm serious jago said there may be room
at the end
mom the toss is at the door i'm coming
sorry i'm late freshman don't wear green
anything else never
say the word rabbit rabbit
well i don't understand why anyone would
want a heart with a hard-earned cat
the boy or record sung by 10 fishermen
your songs
transport the list that's a distance
yours
you're a wake up call sally reckons he's
a proper big shot
robert big mouth more alike no charge
for the wake-up call then
all part of the service i want to
mention in my trip adviser review
if we did agree he'd let you manage us
you'd have to understand that our real
work comes first
i'll give you my word
[Music]
okay chin out chin down which one
hello danny i've got a tv show that are
looking for someone to sing the national
anthem for the queen's birthday i can't
believe they're up to a million hits
nobody wants to be the man who missed
out on signing the beatles more about
missing out on life in the meantime
remember what the well-known irish
singer said i may be plain old paul
houston from
dublin who the parish aids on i'm boney
bonoya pillick
[Music]
when you quit mi6 we had an agreement
you don't mess with our business we
don't mess with yours
when he walked away
they targeted his old team the russians
have repeatedly used nerve agent in the
uk
we consider this an act of war now his
final mission
stakes have gone out martin work with
vengeance
you do know what we're up against right
no mercy you decide i'm death
no what if it's trapped
no survivors
scott atkins anna but cavitch
you will not win
legacy of lies
[Music]
gamo
incident
foreign
[Music]
[Applause]
is
[Music]
foreign
subway
[Applause]
okay
[Music]
is
me
[Music]
foreign
is
a
[Music]
hello
i think we're snowed under she doing
she keeps on cooking she's okay
any ideas how we're getting out of here
i don't think we should get out of here
that's not really much of a plan
we're gonna freeze in here and you don't
think we're gonna freeze out there
and we have light i just need you to
trust me
okay okay
[Music]
just bawl this up and go on it
i just peed on a towel it's getting
colder in here
i know what's gonna happen when the food
runs out
don't think like that keep your strength
up
we have to break a window this is insane
what's insane is draping around the
frozen wilderness
listen
is it the baby what is it
what the hell is wrong with you let me
stop
do you want me to lash into you yeah
what did you do to me
i've just always been into drawing it
takes tons of time to come up with a
character
and then eventually it was pepe it's a
happy little frog
you like drinking and hanging out it
became boys club
it's one of the funniest comics of the
last 10 years feels good man
that was the frame that started it all
pepe became a meme i didn't even know
what a meme
was there were all these boys trying to
own each other on the message boards
in drops pepe right for the taking
he had gone dark the white supremacist
movement has taken over
pepe escaped out there into the
memosphere it got so big that you
couldn't reverse it
it seems incredibly random that this
frog is going to represent
white supremacy creating memes gave
people who had never been involved in
politics a way in
it was like making the internet real
i'm just a spectator to how things kind
of evolve on the internet
it's a window into this dark place
then it started to get strange pepe has
permanently altered the course of
history
do you feel any personal responsibility
for
the bad stuff that has come out of this
whatever pepe meant to all these other
people didn't mean the same thing to me
i'm doing everything i can in my power
to shut these up
answer the question i asked you can we
turn a recognized hate symbol
into a love symbol
you can change the course of this thing
suddenly pepe is being used as a symbol
of hope
if you want to escape hell you can't
ignore it you almost have to go to the
center of it
pepe the frog is an omen because it's
not going to go away
until we hear the message that it has to
say
so how did you pick the name pepe the
frog
it sounded like um peepee
did no pepe
[Music]
can we go fishing when we get there dad
you and me we are gone fishing
sweetheart
i'm really glad we're doing this some
family time come on kitten
it's getting cold out here she's not in
there taylor
taylor where is she
[Music]
we pray to god that our daughter taylor
comes back to us
unharmed i'm real sorry to hear about
your daughter
how old was she why did you say was
police told us that we could help search
tonight
what if he was distracting you so that
her husband could
take our daughter i think it's time for
you and mrs michelson maybe to go to
hotel
i'm not going anywhere until my daughter
is back here
with me safely
we should be out there searching what is
that
we have to get the police no he'll be
caught by that
i'll grab the gun winnie stop
on the south side of the lake we found
the body of a camper
we gotta stick together on this we don't
have anything paul
tell me what we have without our
daughter
you must not give up hope but you also
must not
get stuck lead you into a
downward spiral
you're not going anywhere i know you can
feel like they have her
[Music]
i know all about you i know everything
please acceptance
means letting go
anything you want to tell me
[Music]
and then the monster attacked your
father and took him away
took him away and killed him the
authorities say
sea monsters aren't real
well you see our monster resides
here yeah we know it's like michigan
it's the name of the movie
and this is my band of rowdy cutthroats
dick nedge and sean shawnesser
damn it short shorter scene wow this
thing's actually pretty big
monsters on small nedge
this huge monster has you in his grasp
and then it just lets you go
terrifying nevertheless next stop
lighthouse island do we have a boat it's
pronounced
pontoon i'm not sure that's right
hey what are we painting here it's a
freaking landscape
oh yeah i can see it everyone in
position
[Music]
there are dead man walking seafield oh
why don't you go shoot a tiffany player
his name is luis and he used to be this
famous musician back in cuba he even
played the cotton club
he played with bowser machido dizzy
gillespie
and he told you all of this did you
really play with all these people ladies
and gentlemen
all this nonsense it's a cumin boy
am i right is that you yeah we know each
other long time since we
decided
and you're sure it's him
you don't have time to talk to your dad
he enjoys coming he's a drunk
things are not so simple well why not
why can't they be simple
you must follow our care approach miss
ayub it's created for a reason
he's a human being we gave him an
injection
it was doctor's orders
still a dying man you need to wrap your
head around but that doesn't mean you
can't live now
your newer teachers we teach people how
to love
[Music]
just need to start doing some growing up
all day mom just shut up
[Music]
stop being a monster
you see the wires in your brain now are
completely different
so you won't always be able to get out
what you're thinking
[Music]
you